Suppress TLS security warning with Encrypt=false by new AppContext switch (#1457)
dotnet/SqlClient: BUILDGUIDE.md

`Switch.Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.EnableSecureProtocolsByOS`

## Suppressing TLS security warning

> Console security warning using an insecure protocol lower than `TLS 1.2` could be skipped on SQL connections with `Encrypt = false`, by enabling the following AppContext switch on application startup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting to a server, if a protocol lower than TLS 1.2 is negotiated, a security warning is output to the console. This warning can be suppressed on SQL connections with `Encrypt = false` by enabling the following AppContext switch on application startup:
```

> `Switch.Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SuppressTLSWarning`

Reviewer 2: I suggest changing the name to `SuppressInsecureTLSWarning` to emphasize that only Insecure TLS related warnings will be skipped.
```suggestion
`Switch.Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SuppressInsecureTLSWarning`
```

Reviewer: I agree with Javad's suggestion.
